docs - embedding a chart (#78856)
metabase/metabase: docs/embedding/question.md

---
title: Embed a chart
summary: "Embed a single Metabase chart in your app, either view-only or interactive, with a web component or using the React SDK."
redirect_from:
  - /docs/latest/embedding/sdk/questions
---

# Embed a chart

There are two ways you can embed a chart (called a question, in Metabase parlance):

> - [View-only chart](#embed-a-view-only-chart): people see the results, and that's it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [View-only chart](#embed-a-view-only-chart): people see the results, filter them, and that's it.
```

Reviewer: maybe?

- [Interactive chart](#embed-an-interactive-chart): people can drill through the chart and change the query behind it.

To let people build questions from scratch instead, check out [Embed the query builder](./query-builder.md). To embed an AI chat component, check out [AI chat](./sdk/ai-chat.md).

## Embed a view-only chart

![Static question](./images/static-question.png)

A view-only (a.k.a. "static") chart displays results without letting people explore the data. Nobody can drill through it, change the query behind it, or run a new one. You can, however, add editable filters that people can change to update the query results.

View-only isn't tied to one kind of embed. You can make a chart view-only in any embedding type:

> - **Guest embeds** are always view-only. Guest embeds have no drill-through or ad-hoc querying to turn off.

Reviewer: links to guest and sso in the embedding overview?

Reviewer: maybe we can add a note explaining why guest embeds _must_ be view only? or is that too much

> - **SSO embeds** are interactive out of the box. To make one view-only, turn off drill-through with `drills="false"` (web component) or `drills={false}` (SDK), and turn off saving with `is-save-enabled="false"` or `isSaveEnabled={false}`. You can also manage what people can do through data and collection permissions.

Reviewer: Link data and collection perm docs

So pick your authentication based on what your app needs---plans, permissions, whether Metabase should know who's viewing---not on whether you want a view-only chart. Check out [SSO or guest embeds](./introduction.md#comparison-between-sso-and-guest-embeds).

This section covers setting up a view-only chart with guest authentication.

- [Web components](#view-only-charts-using-a-web-component)
- [React SDK](#view-only-charts-using-the-react-sdk)

> ### View-only charts using a web component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### View-only charts with guest authentication using a web component
```

Reviewer: can we maybe write a 1-sentence overview blurb of what you'll need to do? like

To set up view-only charts with guest auth, you'll need to publish your embed in Metabase, add chart code to your app, and generate JWT in your app (but like, better written)

Reviewer: it's 11 steps which seems like A Lot, so maybe we can reassure people that it's actually simple

For the full list of props, see [`StaticQuestion` props](./question-reference.md#staticquestion-props).

## Embed an interactive chart

{% include plans-blockquote.html feature="Interactive charts" convert_pro_link_to_embedding=true is_plural=true %}

An interactive chart lets people explore their data: they can drill through the chart, filter results, summarize and group them, change visualization settings, and optionally save their changes.

Interactive charts require SSO, which you can set up with either web components or the React SDK.

- [Web components](#interactive-charts-using-a-web-component)
- [React SDK](#interactive-charts-using-the-react-sdk)

### Interactive charts using a web component

Reference an existing question by ID. [Drill-through](../questions/visualizations/drill-through.md) is on by default:

```html
<metabase-question question-id="Xk3YzAbCdEfGhIjKlMnOp"></metabase-question>
```

You can pass a sequential ID like `1`, but an [entity ID](../installation-and-operation/serialization.md#entity-ids-work-with-embedding) is the better bet: entity IDs stay the same when you move content between instances, like from staging to production.

> To control what people can do with the chart, check out [web component attributes](./question-reference.md#web-component-attributes).

Reviewer: Let's give a couple of examples to entice people to click. Like "For example, you can add or remove downloads, question titles, etc"

### Interactive charts using the React SDK

Use `InteractiveQuestion` when you want people to explore their data and customize the layout.

![Interactive question](./images/interactive-question.png)

```typescript
{% include_file "{{ dirname }}/sdk/snippets/questions/interactive-question.tsx" %}
```

For the full list of props, see [`InteractiveQuestion` props](./question-reference.md#interactivequestion-props).

> #### Customize what happens when someone clicks on a chart

Reviewer: I wonder if this should be its own section BUT within the section state that it's only available for SDK for now

### Saving with web components

With a web component, turn saving on with `is-save-enabled="true"`, and set the collection that saved questions land in with `target-collection`:

```html
<metabase-question
  question-id="Xk3YzAbCdEfGhIjKlMnOp"
  is-save-enabled="true"
  target-collection="5"
></metabase-question>
```

### Saving with the React SDK

With the SDK, you get four props to control saving questions:

- `isSaveEnabled` shows or hides the save button.
- `onBeforeSave` runs before a save (it can be async).
- `onSave` runs after a successful save. It receives the updated question and a context object with `isNewQuestion`.
- `targetCollection` pre-selects the collection to save to and hides the collection picker.

To prevent people from saving changes (or saving as a new question), set `isSaveEnabled={false}`:

```tsx
{% include_file "{{ dirname }}/sdk/snippets/questions/disable-question-save.tsx" %}
```

In the embedding wizard, this corresponds to the **Allow people to save new questions** option.

## Filter results based on your app's context

To show each customer only their own data, you have two options, depending on how you authenticate.

> Embeds with **Guest** authentication can [lock a parameter](./guest-embedding.md#locked-parameters). Your app sets the parameter's value in the signed token on your server, so the filter is controlled by your app rather than by whoever's clicking around the page. They can't see the value, and they can't change it. An embed on a customer's account page returns that account's rows, whether or not Metabase has any idea who's looking at it.

Reviewer: I wonder if we need to explicitly say that you must build questions with SQL for that

```javascript
const payload = {
  resource: { question: 5 },
  params: {
    category: ["Gadget"], // Locked. Set by your app, not by whoever's viewing.
  },
  exp: Math.round(Date.now() / 1000) + 10 * 60,
};

const token = jwt.sign(payload, METABASE_SECRET_KEY);
```

Embeds with **SSO** don't need to lock parameters, because you can apply [data permissions](../permissions/embedding.md), instead of locking parameters by hand.

## Embed the query builder or SQL editor

To let people build questions from scratch, check out [Embed the query builder](./query-builder.md).

> ## Use your app to control parameters

Reviewer: > Filter results based on your app's context

> Use your app to control parameters

<img width="415" height="739" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/fdd6be7b-d557-4288-a805-b8bd9ac2be12" />

Reviewer: seriously why are these two separate sections and not just different ways of controlling parameters?

### Controlling parameters with web components

Seed values once with the `initial-sql-parameters` attribute:

```html
<metabase-question
  question-id="42"
  initial-sql-parameters='{"product_id": 50}'
></metabase-question>
```

To push values at runtime (controlled), set the `sqlParameters` property on the element instead of the attribute, and listen for the `sql-parameters-change` event. See [Modular embedding parameters](./parameters.md#modular-embedding-web-components) for the full pattern.

### Hide a parameter

To hide a parameter from the question's UI, use the [`hidden-parameters`](./question-reference.md#web-component-attributes) attribute (web component) or the `hiddenParameters` prop (SDK). Both require a Pro or Enterprise plan and an SSO embed; `hidden-parameters` has no effect on a guest embed. To hide a parameter on a guest embed, set the parameter to **Locked** or leave it **Disabled** in the question's embed settings.

## Let people set up alerts on a question

> You can let people set up [alerts](../questions/alerts.md) on a saved question by passing `withAlerts` to `StaticQuestion` or `InteractiveQuestion`, or the [`with-alerts`](./question-reference.md#web-component-attributes) attribute on the web component.

Reviewer: Reverse the order to match the rest of doc

Metabase only shows the alerts button when all of these are true:

- Your Metabase has [email set up](../configuring-metabase/email.md).
- The embed is an authenticated (SSO) embed.

> - The person viewing the embed has permission to create subscriptions and alerts.

Reviewer: Link permission docs (also note that I'm _pretty sure_ by default these perms are set to "no")

---
title: Embed a chart
summary: "Embed a single Metabase chart in your app, either view-only or interactive, with a web component or using the React SDK."
redirect_from:
  - /docs/latest/embedding/sdk/questions
---

# Embed a chart

> You can embed a chart (a.k.a. a question) in your app in two ways:

Author: ```suggestion
There are two ways you can embed a chart (called a question, in Metabase parlance):
```

- [View-only chart](#embed-a-view-only-chart): people see the results, and that's it.
- [Interactive chart](#embed-an-interactive-chart): people can drill through the chart and change the query behind it.

To let people build questions from scratch instead, check out [Embed the query builder](./query-builder.md). To embed an AI chat component, check out [AI chat](./sdk/ai-chat.md).

## Embed a view-only chart

![Static question](./images/static-question.png)

> A view-only (a.k.a. "static") chart displays results without letting people explore the data. Nobody can drill through it, change the query behind it, or run a new one. You can still add editable filters that people can change.

Author: ```suggestion
A view-only (a.k.a. "static") chart displays results without letting people explore the data. Nobody can drill through it, change the query behind it, or run a new one. You can, however, add editable filters that people can change to update the query results.
```

View-only isn't tied to one kind of embed. You can make a chart view-only in any embedding type:

- **Guest embeds** are always view-only. Guest embeds have no drill-through or ad-hoc querying to turn off.

> - **SSO embeds** are interactive out of the box. To make one view-only, turn off drill-through with `drills="false"` (web component) or `drills={false}` (SDK), and turn off saving with `is-save-enabled="false"` or `isSaveEnabled={false}`.

Author: ```suggestion
- **SSO embeds** are interactive out of the box. To make one view-only, turn off drill-through with `drills="false"` (web component) or `drills={false}` (SDK), and turn off saving with `is-save-enabled="false"` or `isSaveEnabled={false}`. You can also manage what people can do through data and collection permissions.
```

> So pick your authentication based on what your app needs — plans, permissions, whether Metabase should know who's viewing — not on whether you want a view-only chart. Check out [SSO or guest embeds](./introduction.md#comparison-between-sso-and-guest-embeds).

Author: ```suggestion
So pick your authentication based on what your app needs---plans, permissions, whether Metabase should know who's viewing---not on whether you want a view-only chart. Check out [SSO or guest embeds](./introduction.md#comparison-between-sso-and-guest-embeds).
```

> The rest of this section walks through a guest embed, since that's what the in-app wizard sets up.

Author: ```suggestion
This section covers setting up a view-only chart with guest authentication.
```

- [Web components](#view-only-charts-using-a-web-component)
- [React SDK](#view-only-charts-using-the-react-sdk)

### View-only charts using a web component

You can use the in-app wizard to set up a view-only chart using web components.

![In-app embedding wizard](./images/in-app-embedding-wizard.png)

Before you start, an admin needs to [turn on guest embedding](./guest-embedding.md#turning-on-guest-embedding-in-metabase).

1. Visit the question in your Metabase.
2. Click the **Share** icon in the upper right.
3. Select **Embed** to open the embedding wizard.
4. For authentication, choose **Guest**, so your app won't need to log anyone in to your Metabase.

> 5. Click the **Publish** button. Publishing only applies to guest embeds; there's nothing to publish for an SSO embed.

Author: ```suggestion
5. Click the **Publish** button. Publishing only applies to guest embeds. (There's nothing to publish for an SSO embed, because in that case people can explore the data based on their data and collection permissions.)
```

7. If you're embedding a SQL question with a variable, set the parameter to **Editable** or **Locked**. Parameters are **Disabled** by default, which hides them and prevents your server from setting them. See [Configuring parameters](./guest-embedding.md#configuring-parameters).
8. Customize the [appearance](./appearance.md).
9. Click the **Get code** button. You'll get both the frontend and backend code based on the selections you made in the wizard.
10. Copy the client code and paste it in your app.
11. Remove the hardcoded JWT tokens in your HTML. Fetch the token from your backend and pass the token to the component programmatically.

To keep an embed alive after its token expires, configure a token endpoint with [`guestEmbedProviderUri`](./guest-embedding.md#refreshing-or-initializing-the-jwt-from-your-server).

#### View-only chart example with web components

Say you have a question written in SQL, with a field filter to filter orders by `customer_id`:

```sql
{% raw %}
SELECT
  *
FROM
  orders
WHERE
  {{customer_id}}
{% endraw %}
```

> Now say you want to drop this question on each customer's account page in your app, showing only that customer's orders. Here's the frontend code.

Author: ```suggestion
Now say you want to embed this question on each customer's account page in your app, showing only that customer's orders. Here's the frontend code.
```

```html
<script defer src="https://your-metabase.example.com/app/embed.js"></script>
<script>
  function defineMetabaseConfig(config) {
    window.metabaseConfig = config;
  }
</script>

<script>
  defineMetabaseConfig({
    instanceUrl: "https://your-metabase.example.com",
    isGuest: true,
    theme: {
      colors: {
        brand: "#509EE3",
        "text-primary": "hsla(204, 66%, 8%, 0.84)",
      },
    },
  });
</script>

<!--
Fetch the JWT token from your backend and programmatically pass it to the 'metabase-question'.
-->
<metabase-question
  token="PASS_SIGNED_TOKEN_FROM_SERVER"
  with-title="true"
  with-downloads="true"
>
</metabase-question>
```

> The `theme` key sets the chart's appearance. Two colors are enough to show the shape of it; for the full theme object with all the options, check out [Appearance](./appearance.md).

Author: ```suggestion
The `theme` key sets the chart's appearance. For the full theme object with all the options, check out [Appearance](./appearance.md).
```

For the full list of attributes, see [web component attributes](#web-component-attributes).

### View-only charts using the React SDK

{% include plans-blockquote.html feature="Modular embedding SDK" sdk=true convert_pro_link_to_embedding=true %}

To embed a view-only chart with the [SDK](./sdk/introduction.md), use the `StaticQuestion` component. Wrap the component in the `MetabaseProvider` component with your auth config.

```typescript
{% include_file "{{ dirname }}/sdk/snippets/questions/static-question.tsx" %}
```

The component has a default height, which you can change with the `height` prop. To inherit the height from the parent container, pass `100%`.

#### `StaticQuestion` props

{% include_file "{{ dirname }}/sdk/api/snippets/StaticQuestionProps.md" snippet="properties" %}

## Embed an interactive chart

{% include plans-blockquote.html feature="Interactive charts" convert_pro_link_to_embedding=true is_plural=true %}

An interactive chart lets people explore their data: they can drill through the chart, filter results, summarize and group them, change visualization settings, and optionally save their changes.

> Interactive charts need an [SSO embed](./modular-embedding.md), which you can set up with either web components or the React SDK. Guest embeds are always view-only.

Author: ```suggestion
Interactive charts require SSO, which you can set up with either web components or the React SDK.
```

To prevent people from saving changes (or saving as a new question), set `isSaveEnabled={false}`:

```tsx
{% include_file "{{ dirname }}/sdk/snippets/questions/disable-question-save.tsx" %}
```

In the embedding wizard, this corresponds to the **Allow people to save new questions** option.

## Filter results based on your app's context

To show each customer only their own data, you have two options, depending on how you authenticate.

Embeds with **Guest** authentication can [lock a parameter](./guest-embedding.md#locked-parameters). Your app sets the parameter's value in the signed token on your server, so the filter is controlled by your app rather than by whoever's clicking around the page. They can't see the value, and they can't change it. An embed on a customer's account page returns that account's rows, whether or not Metabase has any idea who's looking at it.

```javascript
const payload = {
  resource: { question: 5 },
  params: {
    category: ["Gadget"], // Locked. Set by your app, not by whoever's viewing.
  },
  exp: Math.round(Date.now() / 1000) + 10 * 60,
};

const token = jwt.sign(payload, METABASE_SECRET_KEY);
```

> Embeds with **SSO** don't need to lock parameters, because you can apply [data permissions](../permissions/embedding.md), [row and column security](../permissions/row-and-column-security.md), and [database routing](../permissions/database-routing.md) instead of locking parameters by hand.

Author: ```suggestion
Embeds with **SSO** don't need to lock parameters, because you can apply [data permissions](../permissions/embedding.md), instead of locking parameters by hand.
```

---
title: Embed a chart
summary: "Embed a single Metabase chart, an interactive chart, the query builder, or the SQL editor — with guest embeds, SSO, or the React SDK."
redirect_from:
  - /docs/latest/embedding/sdk/questions
---

# Embed a chart

A question component embeds a single Metabase question (a chart, table, or other visualization) in your app. You can display a read-only chart, an interactive chart, the graphical query builder, or the SQL editor.

- [View-only chart](#embed-a-view-only-chart)
- [Interactive chart](#embed-an-interactive-chart)\*
- [Query builder](#embed-the-query-builder)\*
- [SQL editor](#embed-the-sql-editor)\*

\* Only available on Pro and Enterprise plans. Requires logging people in to your Metabase via SSO, so Metabase knows what data each person is allowed to query.

For embedding an AI chat component, see [AI chat](./sdk/ai-chat.md).

## Embed a view-only chart

![Static question](./images/static-question.png)

> A view-only (a.k.a. "static") chart displays results without letting people explore the data. You can add editable filters that people can change, or lock a filter's value so each person only sees their own rows. For example, you could filter rows by a user ID.

Reviewer: >filter's value so each person only sees their own rows

this is a lie though - when using guest embeds, there is no concept if a person. I know what you mean but I think this sentence (and the next one) should be rephrased because to a new person, this is extremely misleading. 

Locked filters value prop is that it's essentially filtering controlled by app, rather than the interaction - can we say something to that extent? 

at least we should 100% avoid mentioning people, maybe at least "customer" or something.

With view-only charts, however, people won't be able to drill through the chart, or self-serve new queries.

- [Web components](#view-only-charts-using-a-web-component)
- [React SDK](#view-only-charts-using-the-react-sdk)

### View-only charts using a web component

You can use the in-app wizard to set up a view-only chart using web components.

![In-app embedding wizard](./images/in-app-embedding-wizard.png)

Before you start, an admin needs to [turn on guest embedding](./guest-embedding.md#turning-on-guest-embedding-in-metabase).

1. Visit the question in your Metabase.
2. Click the **Share** icon in the upper right.
3. Select **Embed** to open the embedding wizard.

> 4. For authentication, choose **Guest**. Guest authentication is what makes the chart view-only: people who view the chart are treated as guests, so your app won't need to log them in to your Metabase.

Reviewer: This is not true. If we're in JS world, selecting no drills is what makes it view only

Reviewer: See our conversation on slack about this - we shouldn't make this claim. Guest => view-only, but view-only =/> guest. We can have a sentence about how to implement view-only with SSO, and we should definitely NOT tell people that they should use a "lesser" auth method if they want a view only expreince

> 5. Click the **Publish** button. The button only shows up once you've chosen an authentication type. 

Reviewer: Once you've chosen _specifically guest_. You don't publish SSO embeds

> 6. For behavior, select from the [following options](#web-component-attributes).

Reviewer: very bizarre to say "following options" and then not follow it with anything. Maybe "Metabase will give you several options to customize behavior of your embeds see [Attributes] for more details."

Also note that for SSO, this is where you make the embed view-only

7. If you're embedding a SQL question with a variable, set the parameter to **Editable** or **Locked**. Parameters are **Disabled** by default, which hides them and prevents your server from setting them. See [Configuring parameters](./guest-embedding.md#configuring-parameters).
8. Customize the [appearance](./appearance.md).
9. Click the **Get code** button. You'll get both the frontend and backend code based on the selections you made in the wizard.
10. Copy the client code and paste it in your app.
11. Remove the hardcoded JWT tokens in your HTML. Fetch the token from your backend and pass the token to the component programmatically.

To keep an embed alive after its token expires, configure a token endpoint with [`guestEmbedProviderUri`](./guest-embedding.md#refreshing-or-initializing-the-jwt-from-your-server).

#### View-only chart example with web components

Say you have a question written in SQL, with a field filter to filter orders by `user_id`:

```sql
{% raw %}
SELECT
  *
FROM
  orders
WHERE

>   {{user_id}}

Reviewer: DO NOT USE USER ID

people will think guest embeds have users

        "positive": "hsla(89, 48%, 40%, 1)",
        "negative": "hsla(358, 71%, 62%, 1)",
        "background": "hsla(0, 0%, 100%, 1.00)",
        "brand": "#509EE2",
        "text-tertiary": "hsla(204, 66%, 8%, 0.44)",
        "filter": "hsla(240, 65%, 69%, 1)",
        "text-primary": "hsla(204, 66%, 8%, 0.84)",
        "text-secondary": "hsla(204, 66%, 8%, 0.62)",
        "border": "hsla(195, 6%, 87%, 1)",
        "shadow": "hsla(204, 66%, 8%, 0.17)",
        "charts": [
          "#509EE3",
          "#88BF4D",
          "#A989C5",
          "#EF8C8C",
          "#F9D45C",
          "#F2A86F",
          "#98D9D9",
          "#7172AD"
        ],
        "summarize": "hsla(89, 48%, 40%, 1)",
        "background-disabled": "rgb(247, 247, 247)",
        "brand-hover": "rgb(185, 216, 243)",
        "brand-hover-light": "rgb(238, 245, 252)"
      }
    },
    "isGuest": true,
    "instanceUrl": "https://your-metabase.example.com"
  });
</script>

<!--
Fetch the JWT token from your backend and programmatically pass it to the 'metabase-question'.
-->
<metabase-question
  token="PASS_SIGNED_TOKEN_FROM_SERVER"
  with-title="true"
  with-downloads="true">
</metabase-question>
```

> The above example includes a theme that defines the chart's appearance.

Reviewer: does it have to? can we at least make it smaller? currently it takes up most of the code, so it's hard to understand which parts of the code is relevant to what

my examples, for comparison, did include a theme to illustrate how it's set but kept it to a few lines to avoid overwhelming the reader visually

<img width="966" height="708" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/03df6cde-2d81-4536-ad02-7ff890db727e" />
![Uploading image.png…]()

On your app's server, set the value for the locked parameter in the token, so people viewing the embed can't see or change the value. That way you can show user 13 a question filtered to just the orders placed by user 13.

```js
// you will need to install via 'npm install jsonwebtoken' or in your package.json

const jwt = require("jsonwebtoken");

// Get your key from your Metabase at
// /admin/embedding/guest -> Embedding secret key
const METABASE_SECRET_KEY = "YOUR_SECRET_KEY"

// Here we lock a user_id parameter to 13
const payload = {
  resource: { question: 40956 },
  params: {
    "user_id": [
      13, // you can set this value programmatically based on who is logged into your app
    ],
  },
  exp: Math.round(Date.now() / 1000) + (10 * 60), // 10 minute expiration
};
const token = jwt.sign(payload, METABASE_SECRET_KEY);
```

> You can generate the above code using the in-app wizard. Set the `user_id` parameter to **Locked** in the question's embed settings and publish the question. Parameters are **Disabled** by default. Metabase will reject a token that includes a value for a disabled parameter. See [Locked parameters](./guest-embedding.md#locked-parameters).

Reviewer: why is all this here? i'm not sure this is the place for it. We have a whole aricle about

For all modular embeds, you can also set a `locale` in your page-level configuration to [translate embedded content](./translations.md).

For the full list of attributes, see [web component attributes](#web-component-attributes).

### View-only charts using the React SDK

{% include plans-blockquote.html feature="Modular embedding SDK" sdk=true convert_pro_link_to_embedding=true %}

To embed a view-only chart with the [SDK](./sdk/introduction.md), use the `StaticQuestion` component. Wrap the component in the `MetabaseProvider` component with your auth config.

```typescript
{% include_file "{{ dirname }}/sdk/snippets/questions/static-question.tsx" %}
```

The component has a default height, which you can change with the `height` prop. To inherit the height from the parent container, pass `100%`.

#### `StaticQuestion` props

{% include_file "{{ dirname }}/sdk/api/snippets/StaticQuestionProps.md" snippet="properties" %}

## Embed an interactive chart

> {% include plans-blockquote.html feature="Modular embedding SDK" sdk=true convert_pro_link_to_embedding=true %}

Reviewer: Why SDK only?

> An interactive chart lets people explore their data: they can drill through the chart, filter results, summarize and group them, and optionally save their changes.

Reviewer: change visualization settings

- [Web components](#interactive-charts-using-a-web-component)
- [React SDK](#interactive-charts-using-the-react-sdk)

### Interactive charts using a web component

> On an [SSO embed](./modular-embedding.md), reference an existing question by ID. [Drill-through](../questions/visualizations/drill-through.md) is on by default:

Reviewer: actually you better off referencing it by entity id

```html
<metabase-question question-id="1"></metabase-question>
```

> Turn drill-through off with the `drills` attribute. Disabling drill-through also disables people's ability to add filters and summaries.

Reviewer: Why are we only talking about drills? there are like 50 other attributes

### Interactive charts using the React SDK

Use `InteractiveQuestion` when you want people to explore their data and customize the layout.

![Interactive question](./images/interactive-question.png)

```typescript
{% include_file "{{ dirname }}/sdk/snippets/questions/interactive-question.tsx" %}
```

#### Customize what happens when someone clicks on a chart

When people click a data point in an interactive chart, Metabase shows a menu of actions. With the SDK, the [`mapQuestionClickActions`](./sdk/plugins.md) plugin lets you customize this: open the default menu, add custom actions, or perform an immediate action without a menu.

Use it globally on `MetabaseProvider`, or on individual `InteractiveQuestion` components:

```typescript
{% include_file "{{ dirname }}/sdk/snippets/questions/interactive-question-click-actions.tsx" snippet="example" %}
```

You can also customize how custom actions look in the menu:

```typescript
{% include_file "{{ dirname }}/sdk/snippets/questions/interactive-question-plugins.tsx" snippet="example" %}
```

#### Let people save their changes

> By default, the SDK's `InteractiveQuestion` lets people save changes. (The `<metabase-question>` web component is the opposite: saving is off unless you set `is-save-enabled="true"`.) To control saving:

Reviewer: so why don't we talk about it in the webcommponent part?
